[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114270)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-objects.adoc

[id="compliance-objects_{context}"]
= Using the ComplianceSuite and ComplianceScan objects directly

[role="_abstract"]

> While it is recommended that users take advantage of the `ScanSetting` and `ScanSettingBinding` objects to define the suites and scans, there are valid use cases to define the `ComplianceSuite` objects directly:

Reviewer: Does this sound right?

```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can define a `ComplianceSuite` object directly rather than using the `ScanSetting` and `ScanSettingBinding` objects to define the suites and scans.

There following use cases are valid reasons to define a `ComplianceSuite` object:
```
